Dave didn't like that feeling: that feeling one gets when looking out over the
arizonian desert at 6:05 pm as the sun begins to set, last checks before departure begin,
and the realization of a cold fact warps around one's head. It crept up his legs, under 
his skin, and brushed around and against his bones. He had served as a conductor for many
train rides- nearly 300, not counting the years he served in on-board kitchens- and knew
the feeling well. However, even with all of 38 years under his belt, he never could get
quite used to the feeling that someone wasn't going to live to see the next morning.

Dave remembered this feeling. Not in the way that one remembers having had a feeling in an abstract and distant past. No, Dave was re-experiencing the ambush that left him the sole survivor of an entire battalion because of this feeling. Dave never considered the ambush to be a repressed memory because he clearly remembered the facts, timeline, images, and smells of the deadly ambush (which Dave talked about frequently much to the horror and of family and psychiatrists alike). Dave was now remembering something that couldn't be written a doctor's notepad: the feeling immediately prior to the ambush of his oblivious battalion. Dave now felt exactly as when he was choosing where to dig his foxhole and had this terrible feeling everyone else was digging in the wrong place. Witnessing the death of hundreds of his comrades isn’t what kept him awake following the war, it was the burning question of “How did I know?” The drugs and the shrinks flushed the question out of Dave’s head by convincing him he was just 'lucky' – or perhaps 'unlucky' -- that no mortars landed on his position. The clear Arizona sky added to clarity of Dave's epiphany but that damned feeling continued to burn in Dave like the coal in the engine room. 'The engine room!' Dave gasped.

When Dave wake up, he feels tired and headache, "May be that was a dream" I shoud just go bed and continue sleep.

The headaches and uneasiness only seemed to grow these days, which he diagnosed
as just a side effect of his lack of sleep. However, he had a sinking feeling 
in his stomach that kept growing day after day, even when he got a sufficient 
amount of sleep, so he brushed off that thought and finally went to check on the
engine room. Maybe it was something in that room that was making him so uneasy.
He wouldn't know unless he checked.



As the train lurched forward, Dave began going down up and down the aisles, officially punching
tickets, but unofficially looking into each passenger's eyes to determine who was going to need
a friend- because tomorrow morning wouldn't be one for them. As entered the last passenger car, he saw him.
In the back corner of the car sat a lone elderly man. As Dave went to punch his ticket, he looked
man in the eyes and realized that while the man maybe didn't conciously realize his fate, his
sub-concious was already bartering with death for more time. Through-out the night-ride, Dave made
sure to check on him a bit more than the other passengers, which wasn't too hard as the car just
after this was the staff car. Around 11:58pm, Dave entered the car and knew it was time. He walked to
the back of the car where the man was sitting, wrapped in the blanket Dave had brought him an hour ago
and sitting next to an empty cup of tea Dave also had brought him about a half and hour ago. Placing
the cup on the ground, Dave sat next to the elderly man, curled up in the blanket with his eyes shut
with the sub-conious knowledge that his time was about to end. "It's okay." Dave quietely told the man.
"You're not alone anymore. You can go." At 7:02am, the sun rose and Dave put his blanket back on his bed
as he watched the railyard workers carry the coffin to the hearse outside his car window.
